[bitnami/consul] Change image to the bash based one (#1417)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/consul/README.md

## Upgrading

### To 6.0.0

> This release changes uses Bitnami Consul container `1.6.1-debian-9-r6`, based on Bash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release updates the Bitnami Consul container to `1.6.1-debian-9-r6`, which is based on Bash instead of Node.js.
```
